Pat Menu Introduction
Menu to make working with Pat Winlink a bit easier.
20191118 km4ack

Before using the menu system, you will need to mod the config file for your setup. The config file can be 
found at ~/patmenu/config
See this video - 

1. Pat Login
This can be used to to change operators for Pat should you find the need. It will modify the operators callsign, password, 
gridsquare, & the port number used to access pat. The port number used is found in the config file.

2. Start ARDOP
This is used to start the ARDOP modem for HF connections. The exact command used is found in the config file.

3. Start Packet
This is used to start the needed components for packet connections using Pat. The direwolf command can be modified in the 
config file if needed. Default is "direwolf -p" On Buster, this is known to cause flashing text in the terminal window. 
In this case you may want to change it to "direwolf -p -t 0" which will start direwolf in black and white mode and stop 
the flashing text.

4. Find ARDOP
This will aid in locating ardop gateways to connect with. The list can be automatically updated each day at a time you by
specify by running the "set-auto-download" option in the findardop section of the menu.

5. Pat Auto Connect
This will automatically try to connect with ALL winlink gateways at distances you specify. 
You must set the band, & max distance. The minimum distance may be set or left blank. After setting the variables, 
the script will attempt to connect to ALL gateways that meet your criteria. It will continue until it completes a 
connection at which time it will stop OR it will exaust the list trying to complete a connection. Should you need
to stop the connection attempts before they are finished, press ctrl+c to break out.

6. Pat Catalog
This script will aid in posting catalog requests to your outbox. Several catagories of requests are available such as 
weather, news, propagation, etc. After posting a request using the menu, go to Pat and make a Winlink connection. Telnet 
is great here for testing. Then wait 5 minutes or so and make another Winlink connection with Pat. The information you 
requested will be delivered to your inbox. GPS weather is only available if you have a GPS dongle on your pi. Currently, 
it is a very minimal catalog. Additions may be made in the future depending on demand.

7. Stop Modems
This is used to stop modems that you aren't using. This option will stop direwolf, kissattach, piARDOP_GUI, and piardopc. It should also 
be used before moving from Packet connections to ARDOP connections and vice versa. If in doubt or you are having issues with 
a modem starting, try using this option and then try again to start the modem you with to use. 

8. Update Pat Menu
This will look at the current version of pat menu on your system and compare it to the latest version on github. If available 
updates are found, you will be given the option to update to the latest version.
